# Comp 20 Portfolio
# Nathan Majumder

1. The purpose of this git repository is to allow me to keep track of changes I made on assignments and labs throughout the class as well as to hold onto a portfolio of work to have in the future.

2. My favorite lab was the captains log lab because it was the first time we were exposed to persistent data storage. It opened a door to a whole new world of possibilities in terms of web projects we could do in the future.

3. Seeing as my knowledge of web programming was zero coming into this course, I think I've grown an infinite amount since day 1. I didn't know how to make an html file appear in a web browser before this, and now I'm making web applications with servers!

4. The most important thing I learned in this course was to not re-invent the wheel. I'm used to programming in languages where I have to write any and all functions I want to use, so when I started using javascript my first thought was to write a function whenever I wanted something done, but with a little looking around on the web, I could usually find something that did exactly what I wanted. For example, when working on the semester-long project, I wanted to take an array of objects and sort them by a specific field and display a graph of the top five. I began writing a sorting algorithm, but realized there might be something I could use already out there, so I looked and sure enough I found a function someone had written that took an array of objects and sorted them by a specified field. In a more general sense, this idea that everything has been done before helped in my approach of problems. I often found myself not knowing where to go next on assignments or labs. I would flounder around with how to use certain functions or put different pieces of code together, but when I started to realize that it wasn't cheating to read what others had written before me, my life became a lot easier. Sites like stack overflow were helpful in explaining how to use previously written functions and do things I didn't know how to do. Hopefully I'll make use of this idea in the future and won't try to do everything myself when others have already done it.

5. Coming out of this course, I am interested in learning more about security -- both how to protect information and how to attack vulnerable sites. I thought that piece of the course at the end was really interesting and wish we could have spent a little more time discussing it.